Adding Alt tags to images (#13469)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/patterns/multiparty-agreement.rst

.. figure:: images/multiplepartyAgreement.png
  :figwidth: 80%

>   :alt: The Multipart Agreement pattern, in which the Pending contract recreates itself each time a party signs until all have signed and one exercizes the Finalize choice to create the Agreement contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: The Multiparty Agreement pattern, in which the Pending contract recreates itself each time a party signs until all have signed and one exercises the Finalize choice to create the Agreement contract. 
```
